README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator

[![License: MIT ](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
## Description 
This node application takes user input via inquire prompts and generates professional README.md file by inserting the user input into a template. 

The purpose of the application is to provide a more agile process of creating a README.md file. Developers will benefit from such an application, by spending less time on the layout of their README file, allowing them to spend more time on the quality of its contents and the project it describes.

## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contributing](#contributing) 
* [Tests](#tests) 
* [Questions](#questions) 
* [License](#license)

## Installation
Download the code to your computer.

## Usage 
To start using the README generator: once the code has been downloaded, navigate to the folder with your preferred terminal and input the following line:

```
node index.js
```

* Fill in the information as the programme prompts you for different fields of your README. 
    * Make use of markdown syntax while entering your information for styling, it will be displayed in the generated file.
    * Don't worry if you are just inputting the raw text, make a mistake and/or you would like to add styling, links or images; The resulting file generated is your template and you will be able to access it after the process is over, to modify the file manually.
* Look for the file in the folder you specified (or the default location - your current directory)

<br>

Click the link for a demo of the README Generator: [Demo Video](https://drive.google.com/file/)


## Contributing 
Please [email](#questions) me or report issues directly [here](https://github.com/c-navarroperez/README-Generator-Pro/issues).

## Questions
Please message me via the links below.

<br>

Github link: [c-navarroperez](https://github.com/c-navarroperez)

Email address: c.navarro@gmail.com

## Credits
* [lukas-h](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h): Markdown License badges [code](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba).

---

## License 
Licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

Updating links to demo video and sample README

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator

[![License: MIT ](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
## Description 
This node application takes user input via inquire prompts and generates professional README.md file by inserting the user input into a template. 

The purpose of the application is to provide a more agile process of creating a README.md file. Developers will benefit from such an application, by spending less time on the layout of their README file, allowing them to spend more time on the quality of its contents and the project it describes.

## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contributing](#contributing) 
* [Tests](#tests) 
* [Questions](#questions) 
* [License](#license)

## Installation
Download the code from GitHub to your computer.

## Usage 
To start using the README generator: once the code has been downloaded, navigate to the folder with your preferred terminal and input the following line:

```
node index.js
```

* Fill in the information as the programme prompts you for different fields of your README. 
    * Make use of markdown syntax while entering your information for styling, it will be displayed in the generated file.
    * Don't worry if you are just inputting the raw text, make a mistake and/or you would like to add styling, links or images; The resulting file generated is your template and you will be able to access it after the process is over, to modify the file manually.
* Look for the file in the folder you specified (or the default location - your current directory)

<br>

Click the link for a demo of the README Generator: [Demo Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/174E7KifyuI0rKORDKEnBp4IpkROZaHuB/view?usp=share_link)

Find the sample file generated in the demo [here](./Sample_README/README.md).

## Contributing 
Please [email](#questions) me or report issues directly [here](https://github.com/c-navarroperez/README-Generator-Pro/issues).

## Questions
Please message me via the links below.

<br>

Github link: [c-navarroperez](https://github.com/c-navarroperez)

Email address: carlosnavarro.brs@gmail.com

## Credits
* [lukas-h](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h): Markdown License badges [code](https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba).

---

## License 
Licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE) license.
